#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
django==4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-redis
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.86.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   gspread
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gspread
googleapis-common-protos==1.59.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
gspread==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   marshmallow
protobuf==4.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psycopg2-binary==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==4.5.4
    # via django-redis
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
simplejson==3.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
